FIX FunctionTransformer check_input fails for object type input (#19916)
scikit-learn/scikit-learn: doc/whats_new/v1.1.rst

  `fit` instead of `__init__`.
  :pr:`21434` by :user:`Krum Arnaudov <krumeto>`.

> - |Fix| :meth:`preprocessing.FunctionTransformer._check_inverse_transform`
>   now provides informative error message when input has mixed dtype. :pr:`19916` by
>   :user:`Zhehao Liu <MaxwellLZH>`.

Reviewer: Since the user guide is public facing, it's better to reference public interfaces:

```suggestion
- |Fix| :class:`preprocessing.FunctionTransformer` with `check_inverse=True`
  now provides informative error message when input has mixed dtypes. :pr:`19916` by
  :user:`Zhehao Liu <MaxwellLZH>`.
  
```

(Also a newline after the changelog entry)
